EPISODE 1
You're not allowed to use
or even have your phone
on you during your shift.
Please put it in your locker right away.
Why is it so dusty here?
I think you trust the fridge too much.
Ingredients can go bad
even when they are frozen.
Please throw out
all the expired ingredients.
Yes, ma'am.
Wipe this again and organize everything.
Please clean where I left notes on.
I'm a woman too, so I totally understand
that you want to look taller and slimmer.
But heels can be dangerous
because the floor is slippery.
It's for your safety,
so don't get annoyed, okay?
MY BOYFRIEND
Can we meet today?
I have something to tell you.
Gyeong-seon, did you read my mind or what?
I was just about to call you.
Why? Do you miss me?
Gyu-min wants to see me today.
What did he sound like?
Are you getting a bad feeling?
I am indeed.
Hey, do not look insecure, okay?
You know what I mean, right?
Of course.
- Could you send this to my home address?
- Sure.
Do you have a pair of stockings on hand?
Yes, I'll give it to you.
How would you like to pay for this?
- What's my total again?
- It's 327,000 won.
Then...
In three monthly installments, please.
There's no interest, right?
And this place too.
They have all-you-can-eat sashimi,
but I heard the fish is very fresh.
They get oysters directly from the source,
so they taste amazing during the season.
Look at this. Doesn't it look so good?
You love oysters.
We'll definitely get
our money's worth here, right?
This Valentine's Day is
our first anniversary, you know.
Let's go to Namhae County.
There's an amazing resort with a pool,
and it's run
by one of my clients' relative.
You have to book a month before,
but they'll make an exception for me.
Look at this.
Isn't this place awesome?
It's so luxurious.
Why don't you love me anymore?
- It's not that.
- Then why break up?
That's why you wanted to see me today.
Aren't I right?
Lee Gyu-min.
Are you seeing someone else?
Then what is it?
There must be a reason.
What is it?
Am I not hot enough?
Does my fashion sense suck?
Is it because our personalities clash?
Because my dad isn't rich?
What else could it be?
Because I'm not in my 20s?
Whatever it is,
I'm sure there is a reason.
If that's not the case...
I'll be blunt.
Because we've done it all?
- Jin-a.
- What is it then?
Give me a reason so that I can accept it.
Our relationship is...
not exciting anymore.
You might not understand what I mean.
Right, I don't.
In other words...
You know.
It's like konjac.
Konjac?
So...
Basically, you are saying
that you expect nothing from me anymore.
I said it's about us.
You are overreacting.
It’s not you.
I'm talking about our relationship.
You are playing with words
so that you can pretend that you’re not
like other men. Am I wrong?
Let's stop. I can't get through to you.
Come on, I'll give you a ride.
Fine, then.
Take care.
Jin-a.
I have to pay for the valet,
but I don't have any cash on me right now.
Do you happen to have...
Hold on. I'll give you the change.
Forget it.
Now that I'll be gone, you should
pick up the habit of carrying cash.
Call me immediately after you see this
or else.
Moron.
I told you not to let him get to you,
did you forget?
What did you buy a new dress for?
Are you made of money?
Stop scolding me.
I looked up konjac
to see what he meant by that.
Did you have to look it up?
It's right here. Nobody likes it.
It tastes like nothing,
and something's not right about it.
Hey! Why is everything my fault?
He didn't bring anything new to the table.
I was at the top of my game
until a few years ago.
You know what?
My first love, Jun-u,
called and said he missed me.
Here you go again.
Don't you remember that?
- What?
- I told you about that college student...
Are you bringing that up again?
He waited for me in front of my house
to get my number.
I was 31 back then.
Good for you.
How are you different from those
who can't seem to let go of
their good old days?
He asked for a breakup,
and you just accepted it.
Is that really the best you could do?
I would have slapped him
across the face at the word konjac.
Gosh.
I had so much going for me
in the old days.
Am I...
Am I that bad?
Tell me. Am I really that unattractive?
Being horribly unattractive
could be a unique trait.
You are more like... Right, you are bland.
Do you call yourself a friend?
But there's no difference. Why?
Most men's ideal type of woman
is this.
The new young girl.
This isn't the first time you got dumped.
I'm telling you.
You should raise your standards
or do something about it.
I want tteokbokki.
Let's go get some tteokbokki.
- I want to go do karaoke too.
- I'm in.
I'm going to sing.
- Just one more song.
- You've sung enough.
No, hold on. Come here.
Let's talk outside. Be careful.
Let's just sing one more song.
- Ouch.
- Come on.
Hey.
- Singing is not going to bring him back.
- Just one.
Even if it does, you shouldn't accept him.
Hey, I'm...
I'm singing for myself.
I feel so depressed.
On days
When everything makes you blue
Sing this song
You still have fire in your heart
Fight until the end
And don't let them get to you
Throw all your regrets
Into the sky
My friend
Let's start over
Disheartened life
Doesn't suit you
Keep your head held high, my friend
Now is the beginning
Throw all your regrets into the sky
I'm sorry.
My gosh.
Why don't you just live here
if you're going to drop by all the time?
There isn't an alcoholic
who disturbs me in my dorm room.
It's better there.
Take it easy on the alcohol.
Think of your age.
Do you want to die?
- What?
- Stop bothering him.
Aren't you his big sister?
You said it was too bitter,
so I added some licorice this time
to make it sweeter.
Don't leave it out for too long,
and drink it like water.
Call me if you need some more.
Same with any dishes.
I can always drive to Daejeon.
I think your dad is washing up.
Seung-ho's leaving!
You're late. You should go.
Seung-ho, drive safely.
Text me as soon as you arrive.
- If you need anything--
- I got it.
- Seung-ho, drive safely.
- All right.
Don't skip any meals, all right?
Make sure you--
Call me if you need anything, okay?
You should have brought
a telephone pole home with you.
I won't do it again.
Gyu-min, that punk.
Why would he make you drink so much?
We were good to him
and now, he's disrespecting us.
Tell him to come over this weekend.
I'm going to scold him.
Why aren't you answering me?
Okay.
I have to make hangover soup
every other day. I'm sick of it.
- Grab a spoon and sit.
- I'm late.
I made it for you!
Who's going to eat this now?
You sure have luck on your side.
Come in.
Are you late?
I might just make it.
If I run to the station,
I might make it on time.
Should I drive you to work?
Well...
We should make good use of my retirement.
That's true. It's okay, though.
You can drive me next time.
See you later.
- Be careful.
- Okay.
You punk!
Jun-hui.
Welcome back.
You little punk!
Let's end this here.
- Put up what we talked about earlier.
- Yes, sir.
She was wearing earrings
and was using her phone at work?
Which store does she work at?
The subway seems to be running
close to the store.
It must be the Sillim-dong store.
It's the one in Gasan-dong.
I'm pretty sure it's Sillim-dong.
Who's the supervisor in charge?
That would be me.
I'm sorry, sir. I'll rectify her mistakes.
It's too late now.
Do you not like your job?
If so, you can always quit.
Mr. Jo.
I used to supervise this store
before Ms. Kang took over.
The owner there...
I'm not sure if I should tell you this,
but he's impossible to control.
I remember having a hard time with him.
I know Ms. Kang
gave them several warnings--
Were they like that
since you were in charge?
Then why wasn't it an issue back then?
- Se-yeong, I was only trying to--
- Of course, you meant well.
However, I can't thank you.
I'll go to Gasan-dong store.
I'm not suggesting you this
because I think I'm better.
I've known the owner for a long time.
I know what to do.
Also, you won't be able to work
with the mood you're currently in.
I thought you might have
a harder time working today.
Sorry?
What does she mean?
How scary.
You keep doing a poor job
training your staff.
Hair, earrings, rings, phone, and heels.
You need to warn them
about the things they cannot do.
Kids these days don't listen.
I'm like a broken record.
I tell them over and over again--
Don't take your anger out
on your hardworking employees
by firing them. Okay?
I won't give you a warning for this one.
Thank you. We go way back, don't we?
You mix your coffee, don't you?
What? Why in the world would you say that?
Your sales for the last four months
and the coffee supply don't match.
You would need 10 bags of 500g,
which is 5kg per day.
In a month, you would need at least 150kg.
Last month, you ordered 135kg,
and 140kg the month before.
This month, you only ordered 130kg.
What's going on?
How should I know?
It's what the cash register says.
Should I pull a report?
I'm reading from the copy
I got from the office.
You know I'm good at
making your job easier.
I don't know. The machine must be lying.
"4 hot Americanos, 1 strawberry latte,
and 1 vanilla latte."
- You didn't record this cash payment.
- Wait, that is...
That's not it. We were so busy, and...
Ms. Yoon!
You have one more chance
until you strike out.
As you know, the franchise agreement
can be terminated after that.
What are you talking about?
I didn't do anything wrong.
You won't be able to find anything.
What's wrong with you?
My goodness.
Fine. I mixed other coffee, all right?
Our sales were dropping,
and your coffee is so expensive.
What else can I do?
What kind of fool would run a business
that's going negative?
You'll receive a mail
regarding this violation.
- I'll deduct...
- Do what you want!
Screw it! I'll burn it all down.
Remind all the franchise owners
that there will be training next week.
Can you print enough service manual
for the attendees
and leave them on my desk
by the end of the day?
Thank you, Ye-eun.
Right. Make sure the font size
is large enough
so that it is easier
for the owners to read.
Okay. Bye.
Yes, Mr. Choi.
I just finished checking
the store in Gasan.
I have a meeting
with the owner of Pangyo store at 3 p.m.
Bulgwang-dong, sir?
Right now?
Yes, it's not that far away.
I'll head over there right now.
Gosh.
You're so cute. Hey, you.
It is you.
I thought I was mistaken.
When did you come back?
While you were sleeping.
That mouth of yours.
Get over here.
Hey.
What are you doing?
Come here.
Hold on.
That was close.
I could get you if I wanted to,
but I'll just be nice.
Sure.
Are you having fun teasing me?
So, did you find anyone you like?
Unfortunately, you're still number one.
If you weren't Gyeong-seon's brother,
I would have killed you already.
That's nice.
I thought you'd want pork belly with soju.
My colleagues already gave me
a warm welcoming party.
Will you no longer get appointed
to a branch abroad?
Don't say that.
We take turns going abroad,
so I'll get to go again.
You were in the States for three years.
Is that not enough?
To be honest, I'd live there if I could.
I think Korea's too small for me.
Look at yourself talking big.
You'd better not say that to your sister.
She only pretends to be cold-hearted.
She actually cares a lot about you.
She's been busy for months
trying to find a place for you.
Show your sister some love.
I do care for her a lot.
I haven't told her that I am back.
Are you crazy?
She'll make a fuss
and cook a feast to feed me.
She's already busy enough.
Look at you.
It seems like only yesterday
you were a little baby.
When did you grow up so much?
And when did you become so old...
Do you...
want me to end your life?
You haven't heard that in a while, right?
Are you dating anyone?
You know, I'm always dating someone.
I heard you became konjac.
What...
What's wrong?
I can't walk in these heels any longer.
Goodness.
Thanks.
My gosh.
I'll do it.
Hop on if what you actually wanted
was for me to carry you.
Don't get funny with me.
Can't you wear sneakers to work?
Well, I can if I want to.
- But does your boss not like it?
- He doesn't make it obvious.
But I do need to be in heels sometimes.
So you choose to be obedient.
Let's just say I'm a professional.
A true professional breaks taboos.
Are you trying to teach me?
- Should I begin?
- What?
Where are you going?
Where are you taking me?
Hey, where are we...
Hey.
Be careful.
What is this place?
Even I didn't know of this place.
The administration center
is right around the corner.
Your place is right across from there.
I didn't know there was a shortcut.
- How do you know this route?
- This route?
You just saw them. I discovered it
while searching for a place to make out.
My gosh.
I taught Seung-ho how to smoke
when he was in 11th grade.
He started smoking since 11th grade?
He was a nerd.
That nerd probably had
his first kiss here with the girl
he dated before college.
My gosh.
I'm going to tell Mom.
You're too old to act naive.
You really deserve a beating today.
Stop right there.
You became a lot smoother
than the last time I saw you.
Our office moved while I was away.
I have no idea what's around anymore.
Can you give me a tour
of good restaurants during lunch?
That's not hard to do,
but it'll be hard to find the time.
I'm offsite a lot.
Is this an excuse to get yourself out
of treating me?
How did you know?
Keep on asking me. If our times match,
I'll buy you anything you want to eat.
Bye.
They are from a department store.
Did you buy something?
- Nothing.
- Let me see.
These are not mine.
I'm doing someone a favor.
You reek of alcohol. Did you drink again?
Gyu-min really needs to get a scolding.
I saw someone else.
I see. What does he want to eat?
I should buy groceries.
I forgot.
You haven't asked him yet?
I've been busy. I'll ask him, okay?
You shouldn't act so cranky
when you're with Gyu-min.
You guys are getting old.
You need to learn to compromise a little
in order to marry him.
What marriage?
It's not like we ever talked about it.
That's why you should start talking.
It's not easy to find
a good catch like Gyu-min.
His mom, dad, and even his big brother
are all alumni
of Seoul National University.
- That's not all. What a great background.
- I got it.
Why are you trying
to avoid the conversation?
Do you know what it's like
whenever I see my friends?
All of them get so jealous.
They make such a fuss about it.
They tell me I'm so lucky.
Not only are you marrying a lawyer,
I'll be getting a doctor,
a judge, and a police commissioner
as my in-laws.
They all have jobs
everyone would be jealous of.
They say I can't ask for anything more.
They go on and on about it.
Your dad doesn't say it out loud,
- but he--
- Mom.
I'm really tired right now.
I want to shower and go to bed.
You always say you're tired.
Anyway, watch yourself.
We're closed...
You punk! I'm going to kill you!
Hey!
- Come here.
- Calm down!
Come here.
Let's go eat.
I'm sorry. I'm meeting someone.
My friend is waiting for me. Enjoy.
Ms. Yoon, let's go.
It's not like you still have a boyfriend.
Hurry up. Come on.
Ms. Yoon.
I'm not okay, but I'll act like I am.
Let's go.
Jin-a, buy me lunch.
How about something spicy?
- How about Jjamppong?
- No, something else.
I have no appetite.
Hello.
Ms. Yoon, how about Chinese?
I'm good with anything.
Dong-u, what do you want?
I'll get jajangmyeon.
I'll get the same.
I see that your taste has gotten old.
Shut it.
More kimchi, please.
I like it when we order different things.
You can try a variety of dishes at once.
Ms. Yoon.
You are not that young anymore.
You should date someone long-term
and get married.
It's time for you to settle down.
Give me a spoon of that.
Sure.
I say this because I worry about you.
Nowadays, some people say being single
is better than being married.
It wasn't easy in my days either.
It's all the same.
- Are you up already?
- Yes.
It must be a habit.
My eyes just open up
when it's time for work.
Lend me your car.
I have to go straight to a store.
Sure, you know where the key is.
The second shelf near the door.
I know.
It's still dark out. Drive carefully.
Okay.
You should go back to bed.
No, thanks.
- See you later.
- Be careful.
Okay.
Wipe the poster before putting it up.
- Yes, ma'am.
- Will do.
We won't open the machines
until the day before the opening.
- Don't take the plastics off.
- Yes, ma'am.
These boxes...
Wow, Lee Gyu-min...
He was being a two-timer.
WITH MY CUTIE-PIE.
HAD A GREAT TIME AT AN AWESOME RESORT.
What is this?
What do you think?
It's the true face of Gyu-min.
I was dying to know
why he broke up with you,
so I kept searching on Instagram
and finally found his girlfriend.
Aren't those places
where you asked him to take you?
Lee Gyu-min is such an asshole.
Was he always like this?
MY LOVELY BOYFRIEND
HE NEVER CEASES TO AMAZE ME.
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH.
DATE NIGHT AT A WINE BAR.
UPLOADED ONE MINUTE AGO
Could you give me the key to 3745?
I have to get something from the car.
- Number 3745?
- Yes.
What's wrong?
I think I'm drunk.
- Are you tired?
- I can't...
- I can't walk.
- Poor baby.
Let's go home.
I'll massage your legs for you.
Let's go.
Watch your step.
I can't... I can't walk.
I'll go get my car. Wait here.
- It's 3745.
- All right.
- Was it 3745?
- Yes.
How much is it?
Let's go home now.
What's this?
- What?
- Are you two-timing me?
What's that?
What is that?
How would I know, you fucking asshole?
Ga-young,
how can you talk to me like that?
Respect doesn't come with age.
I normally don't even consider
going out with losers like you.
I only went out on a few dates with you
because you wouldn't stop bothering me.
Do you understand?
Gosh, what a lousy day.
- Hey.
- Don't you dare touch me!
- Is this who you really are?
- My gosh.
This may be who I really am,
but at least I never two-time someone.
My goodness.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
You were coming on to me so hard
just because I am young.
You'd better stop talking to me that way.
Do you want me to go on?
I can keep cussing if I want to.
I know you're young,
but you should know better.
Don't you dare try to teach me.
What a joke.
What?
Don't ever come near me again.
If you do, I'm going to tell everyone
at your office about this.
I can't believe this.
Drink slowly.
You're going to become a handful again.
Just let me do what I want.
You brat. I'm not your husband.
I'd love it if you were my husband.
I know it wasn't enough,
but you still got your revenge.
Why are you still so down?
I guess you were right.
I guess I really don't have
good standards for men.
On my way here, something came to my mind.
All the guys I've dated until now...
I sound as if I've dated a lot of guys.
Anyway...
All those moments that I thought were love
might not have actually been true love.
What is true love?
I don't know.
I've never truly been in love.
You're right.
Hey.
Knowing your own future
is a very sad thing.
You should become a fortune-teller.
What's your future like?
I'll just live the way I've always lived.
Then, I'll meet an average guy,
get married, have children,
and live the rest of my life with him.
Oh, that kind of future.
But I'm sure you can still be happy...
with that kind of life.
- Yes, I'm sure.
- Yes.
You guys both look so sad.
- Why did she drink so much?
- Hey.
You wanted to go home together,
but you're drinking.
This is our only happiness.
That's because this is all you do.
- You aren't dating--
- No.
By the way,
you seem drunker today than usual.
She's sensitive.
Why? Did someone call her konjac again?
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
- You think it's funny, don't you?
- Why are you...
- You punk.
- Wait.
I don't even have the energy to hit you.
My arm hurts.
That's so sad, Jin-a.
What's sad?
- Thank you.
- Sure.
Okay, I got it.
- Thank you, Gyeong-seon.
- My gosh.
Don't think about anything,
and go to bed as soon as you get home.
- Okay.
- Sleep tight.
- Okay, Mom.
- Okay.
Good girl. Get in the car.
- Let's get you home.
- Okay.
There you go. Let's go.
- Am I going home alone?
- Yes. Watch your head.
- Okay.
- Be careful.
- Bye.
- Get in.
- Take your purse.
- Good. Have a safe ride home.
- Bye.
Bye. Put your hand inside.
My gosh.
You guys really might get married.
You'll have a pretty brother-in-law.
- Take her home.
- Wait.
- Bye.
- Who's going to pay me?
Do you want a beating?
You guys are so violent.
Hey, she drank a lot.
Don't go too fast. She drank a lot.
- Okay.
- Bye.
- See you.
- Bye. See you. Put your seatbelt on.
- Okay.
- Drive safely.
- Okay, Mom.
No, I don't like that.
Get going.
Why did we stop?
Let's go.
- Did you just take a photo of me?
- No.
Give me your phone.
What do you want my phone for?
Give it to me before I beat you up.
Did you use to be a bully?
Stop joking and give me your phone.
I know you took a photo.
Why would I take a photo of you drooling?
Stop lying. I don't drool.
If you upload that photo,
you'll go to jail for defamation
and violating my right of publicity.
My gosh,
no one will be interested in it anyway.
You must think you're really pretty.
You'd better start treating me
with respect since I'm older.
I keep using my age
to my benefit, don't I?
I'm glad you know.
I can only act this way around you.
Thanks for today.
I'll treat you to a meal
when I have time. See you.
Bye.
What are you talking about?
Check if the Marketing Team
sent the product,
and ask them when it'll arrive.
Call me after you check with them.
Ms. Yoon, what's going on?
People are lined up
because of the opening event.
But we don't have the product.
How can this be?
Mr. Jo told me that--
I think there was a misunderstanding.
I'll make sure everything goes smoothly.
I'll also make sure
Mr. Jo hears about this.
I'm really sorry, ma'am.
What's taking so long?
What happened?
It didn't get approved?
What do you mean?
Mr. Oh,
the free gifts we were meant to hand out
at the opening event
didn't get delivered yet.
I already told you that I placed an order.
- Ma'am.
- My gosh.
Stop making me repeat myself.
You can go.
Pardon?
Go do your work. I'll take care of it.
Ms. Yoon is currently at the store...
Hello, this is Jeong Yeong-in.
I called to ask you
for an urgent delivery.
If it was something urgent,
you could've given it to me separately.
I have so many documents to sign.
How am I...
supposed to know what to...
It was the file that had a yellow note
on the cover.
I don't care. I never saw it.
Noted, sir. I must have been mistaken.
I'm sorry. I'll go now.
URGENT APPROVAL NEEDED
I'm so sorry.
I'll deliver the gift
to every single person here.
And you'll also receive a mobile coupon
redeemable for a cup of coffee.
It'll be valid in all our stores
throughout the country.
Again, I'm very sorry.
I'm sorry.
Apparently, Ms. Jeong in the Marketing
Team had signed the order form.
I'm sorry.
You should be sorry.
Did you forget about it
or forget to check again?
I forgot to check again.
- That day, I told you to--
- Mr. Jo wants to see you.
Make sure he doesn't run away.
I'm going to beat the soul out of him.
I told the other employees
to think of Jin-a as a role model.
And I promised
to take good care of that store
since it's owned by my family member.
I became a liar.
I'm sorry, sir.
So you did not receive
anything that needed approval?
That's what I was told,
so I'm guessing that's what...
You need to clean up the mess you made.
Yes. I'll send the products
to the customers.
I'll also compensate them
with mobile coffee coupons.
Is that all?
I'll pay for everything myself
since it was my mistake.
You know you can do better.
Okay, you can go now.
I should lay off some people.
They're all so laid back these days.
Do you want one?
Thanks for asking.
I already feel better now.
You need 100, right?
I placed an order
and told them it was urgent.
Ms. Jeong, when did you...
Thank you.
Being cheerful suits you better.
CREDIT CARD PAYMENT IS DUE ON JANUARY 25.
YOUR DUE BALANCE IS 211,690 WON.
Perfect timing.
Hey, Ye-eun.
Ms. Yoon, where are you? It's lunchtime.
I have a plan.
Really? Because if you don't, you can--
Why don't you believe me?
Go eat with Dong-u. Don't worry about me.
He's probably crying somewhere.
Okay. Don't skip your meal, Ms. Yoon.
Okay.
Do you want to eat together?
Hey.
Do you want to play pool and bet on lunch?
I have a plan.
Stop lying. You have no friends.
That's why I have a lot of girls.
What? Were you serious?
This place is nice.
You would've been disappointed
if I chose the restaurant.
Where do you usually go for lunch?
I don't want to ruin this moment
by reminding myself of that.
Do you want some wine?
What? I'm working.
You must break taboos
to be a professional.
Seriously?
- What are your house wines?
- Our house wines?
- Could you bring us the menu?
- Sure.
Could I pay...
Your company already paid.
Why did you get the bill?
Gyeong-seon will scold me
for making you pay.
Then you can pay for my lunch from now on.
Fine. Anyway, thanks to you,
I enjoyed a delicious meal.
I even broke a taboo.
Now that you know what it's like
to break taboos, you're in trouble.
- I had too much to eat.
- Twelfth floor.
Seventeenth floor.
Mr. Nam, are you coming back from lunch?
Yes.
Eighteenth floor.
Regarding the delivery incident...
You have to do things in advance.
You're usually good. What happened?
I'm sorry, sir.
It won't happen again.
Do we have last month's sales report
from all the stores?
- Is it not ready yet?
- I already...
I'll find it for you, sir.
Twelfth floor. Canceled.
Cheer up.
Yoon Jin-a, you'd better keep your head.
I won't let this happen.
You say your future is predictable,
but you cannot date someone
like Lee Gyu-min again.
You have to create your own fate.
You can change your life
depending on what you do.
Don't do anything stupid, all right?
I don't want to watch you suffer anymore,
okay?
I got it. Don't worry.
- I'll call you later. Okay.
- I'll be going home.
Bye.
See you tomorrow.
I'm leaving.
- Bye.
Why won't you reply to my texts
or pick up my calls?
What is it that you have to say?
This isn't the right place for it.
Let's go somewhere quiet.
Forget it. Just say what you have to
right here right now.
Come on, we shouldn't end it like this.
Let's go talk.
- I said, do it here.
- Please--
- Hey, what are you doing?
- Playing your boyfriend.
Act natural. Smile.
Wait. Who is he?
Well...
And who are you?
I'm Jin-a's boyfriend.
- Fuck off.
- What did you say?
I said, fuck off.
Are you her stalker? Should I report you?
Jin-a, who is this guy?
Is this the police?
- I'm reporting a stalker.
- What are you doing?
- Are you in trouble?
- Let's talk later.
Are you insane?
- Report what?
- I'll call you later.
My sister is going to kill me.
I'll explain it to her.
Should I not have done that?
No.
Then why aren't you saying anything?
You seem mad.
I'm embarrassed.
I must be a pathetic person
to get the help of a friend's brother.
What kind of ridiculous person
was I dating?
It's so embarrassing.
I'm not surprised at all.
You have a bad taste in men.
That's true.
You were lucky.
You could have ended up living
with that loser for the rest of your life.
You're super lucky.
You make it sound better.
Hey, Jun-hui.
What?
You said you know someone
working for the coffee company
in this building, right?
Yes.
Can you set me up with her?
What...
What's with those eyes?
Can't I ask?
Are you high?
I'm just a handsome guy
asking to meet a beautiful girl.
Are you into her?
You're talking nonsense.
If that's not it,
what is your fucking problem?
To be honest, Kang Se-yeong
is the hottest person in this building.
Am I not even allowed
to talk to her for once?
Is that so?
Who?
Let's end the meeting here.
I'll clean up. Make a round of calls
to the franchise owners.
Yes, ma'am.
I'll help.
You don't have to be sorry.
The rumors would have spread
at some point.
I kind of know what you're talking about,
but I don't know why I should be sorry.
Then why are you acting strange?
You would never do something like this.
I have a question for you.
A man came to your rescue
when your ex came yesterday.
Who is he?
Like you said, he's my savior.
Are you interested in him?
What?
Then it's okay for me
to hit on him, right?
- Sure.
- He's single, right?
I'm not sure. I don't know for sure.
He has such high standards.
There are a lot of pretty girls
around him--
That means he's not taken.
It's worth a shot.
I'll get going then.
I thought you were helping.
I'll carry this for you.
- Let's go! Cheers!
- Cheers!
Here's the meat.
Ms. Yoon, sit down.
Come on. Have a drink.
Should I get us more meat or alcohol?
Just stay seated.
But even Ms. Yoon is doing it.
Raise your glasses.
Here's to our future, our love,
and our career.
Let them propel like a missile!
- Missile!
How about we do this?
Sure.
The thing is, we don't have any missiles.
Jin-a sure is a tough cookie.
I would never go near those men.
That's why she is their favorite.
They call her "Ms. Tambourine"
for a reason.
I know you like her,
but don't take after that.
Okay.
Ms. Geum, how about a drink?
I need to use the restroom.
Wait for me. Excuse me.
Ye-eun, have a drink. Come on.
Relax.
You can go with me.
I have to go now.
- Bye.
- See you at work.
I have to be somewhere.
Can you tell them for me?
Well...
We should go too.
He wouldn't like it if we all leave.
He will start nagging
if I sit there sulking.
- I'm leaving. Bye.
- But...
Where did everyone...
- Yoon Jin-a.
- My gosh!
Come and sing a tune.
I'm sorry, but I have to get back to work.
You are single now. Don't back out.
You can stay out until late.
I didn't back out
even when I had a boyfriend.
Today, I have some work left to do.
- I have to go.
- Ms. Yoon...
Did she just walk all over me?
Sir, I think everybody else went inside.
What are you still doing here?
I was just leaving. And you?
Did you come here for a second round?
Yes, and for work.
Are you going home or to Gyeong-seon?
I don't have to worry about her.
I'm going to a club.
A club?
That must be fun.
Are you going there to pick up girls?
I already know enough girls, so no.
One second.
Hi, Se-mi.
I'm at the office.
Okay, I'll be there soon. I'm leaving now.
- Okay.
- Bye, then.
Ji-hye, hi.
Where are you?
Okay.
See you soon.
You have to meet someone new
to get over your ex-boyfriend.
You should start seeing someone new.
How much meaning should I put into
what a guy says or does to me?
Pretty much none.
Jin-a was always at the top of her game.
What's up with her lately?
Mr. Kong doesn't know when to stop
because you don't tell him off.
Anyone you're interested in?
You do. How old is she?
Is she 23 or 24?
She's 35.
How is that even possible?
Are looks all that matter to guys?
You're prettier.
Subtitle translation by Choi Hyeon-ju